Add maps in geoviews (#5436)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/graph-views/map-web-create-geoview.md

## Requirement

> In order to apply geographic coordinates while configuring a new geographic view, it is necessary to provide them on the **Extended infos** tab corresponding to the resource you want to monitor (a host, a hostgroup or a business activity, or a map).

Reviewer: Standard Maps don't have **Extended infos** tab.

For example, to fill in geographic coordinates for the **Central** host:

1. Go to **Configuration > Hosts > Hosts**. Then click the **Central** host.
2. Click the **Host Extended Infos** tab.
3. Fill in the **Geographic coordinates** field with the `Latitude, Longitude` format. Then click **Save**.

> For a map, you can enter the **Geo coordinates** in the map edition window (open the map from the **Monitoring > Map** page, **Standard maps** section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a map, you can enter the **geographic coordinates** in the map editing window (go to the **Monitoring > Map** menu, **Standard maps** section, then click the **configuration** button to access the map properties).
```
